grouping boxes
dedicated colors for e.g. group indicator lines, dimensional relationship
what if n-dimensional???
activations, weights, AND biases
  show two blobs, pre/post bias?

placement
  deterministic
    x is based mainly on layer
      modified by "sublayers"
      and by extra dimensions in tensors
        have vector associated with each tensor dimension (e.g., 4th dimension = [0.1, -0.1, 0.1], 5th = [0.2, 0.1, -0.1], or whatever) then each neuron's tensor index is multiplied by those vectors and added to the neuron's initial position
      could take parallel operations and give them a certain amount of YZ space, then make sure they don't overlap each other
    y and z I guess initially depend on location in tensor.  probably just that tensor_index * basis_vectors thing, really, it just works for the major YZ values in addition to smaller modifications
  nondeterministic
    connection gravity
        layer probably still determines x
        and tensor could *maybe* still modify coordinates
        but the main idea is you take each neuron, apply an attractive force on it based on the strength of its connections, and a repulsive force based on its neighbors, and iterate a bunch.
          might take a while.  could need like a KDTree to find its nearest neighbors efficiently.  I've written C# code that uses one before, but I don't remember how well it handles element positions changing.
          might be some other things to try, like simply scaling the network out to fill bounds; that MIGHT accomplish a sort of repulsive effect.
        (I've done this kind of computation before, so I can be the one to write this code.  I'm not sure I've done it on so MANY elements before, so like, I guess we'll find out how bad the processing demand is, haha.)
  could be interactive - the user scrubs the controller over neurons to make them realign or something
    also in general the user could select and move neurons

UI
  change neuron sizes
    *base* size, maybe?  to be multiplied by individual factors?
  select neurons
  select connections
  paint brush selection
  convex hull selection

Optimizations
  memory
    arrays instead of objects
      potential problem: we don't (may not?) know how many things there are until parsing is done
    could pass the entire vertex array in for rendering, no copying
      Renderer create new mesh for large arrays, no copying into existing array
  So...the real problem is we have too many lines, maybe.
    So we need fewer lines.
    (I dunno, I mean, LARGE models yeah, but there's no way to store a modest model in full, really?)
      In the long run, selectively reparsing the model may be the way to go, but I think that's out of scope for now.
    We could have "structure mode" by default?
      Combine common output groups?
      Like, a fully connected layer would have all neurons of one side connect to a point in the middle, and from there to every neuron on the next layer.
      Would this affect the internal representation?  Would we stop storing every connection?
        Unless we want to reparse the graph every time, we might HAVE to.  This conflicts with the next idea, flashlight mode.
      Flashlight mode: hovering over a neuron shows you its full connectivity
        I could start with this alone, see if it works and how much it buys us?
        It could also be, whatever connections pass through the flashlight spot, get shown
          Harder to code, more costly
      Could reduce to transparent voxels
        or like, convex hulls or something?
        You can represent a cubic meter of cubic centimeters in 1,000,000 elements, might be ok
    Remove random neurons from the visualization?
      Seems bad, but also, if you're mainly after the overall structure, maybe it's fine
    Subdividable blocks?  Like, Mul.  Zoom in to see the multiplications?